link to finish codepen:

https://codepen.io/aotikz/pen/XWgdzJo?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    gives it a meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    build structure of a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    atrribute provides additional information about the content of an element. It is put in the opening tag. (<p lang="">)
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for the main heading, when there is going to be a main header on a section
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    links and imgages
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    title
    7. What is an id?
    is a unique identifier 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    you can put it on a p tag, div tag, span tag 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    where you want to identify several elements as being different from others
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    div, section, p
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    if you want to target the same element more than once on many lines
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    for screen readers or if page doesnt load up pic it defines what it is in writing about 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    sections provides better markup on what you are seperating and div are containers for inside of sections for elements 
    17. What is CSS used for?
    style the webpage, to make it look pretty 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    if you want to target every paragraph use the class and if you want to target a specific element inside that paragraph or a paragraph you use an id 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    we use the period selector
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    when you want to target a specific child you use the parent first then child
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    defines a special state of an element 
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    br>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px solid black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * {

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    use the rm command but you need to becareful because it deletes perman. 
    34. Why should I use version control?
    helps team solve problems
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20min or when you do a big change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    1.)Create YOUR OWN version of Repo by forking
    2.)Clone your Repo using github https by hitting the copying link
    3.)create a directory using mkdir
    4.)cd  into the directory that you created where you are going to want to clone your forked Repo
    5.)git clone <paste link of repo>
    6.)cd into that repos folder
    7.)use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to create your own branch(remember the name)
    8.)use the code . to open work and edit
    9.) after edits are done do:
    git add . (which will add changes to repo)
    10.)git commit -m 'insert message here what changes you made'
    11.)git push -u origin branch-name (this will push onto your github)
    12.)go to your forked project on github and select branch:master to your name
    13.)then click on compare& pull request
    14.)then click on base repository and change it to your forked repo name
    15.) click on create pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline doesnt take up its own space where as block element take its own block
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    position absolutely is positioned to its closest ancestor
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 